well I didn't make an Instagram for like
the longest time and just because you
know you got facebook you got twitter
and instagram is there's so much stuff
going on but you know then I got injured
so I had nothing much to do so they're
all making Instagram and yeah I don't
know it's just it's actually pretty fun
you know you can totally animate the
pictures and make him look pretty cool
makeup ugly bugger like myself look half
decent so not it's pretty cool and then
um yeah just take pictures of random
things and stuff so you can have like a
lot of fun with it like I was taking
pictures of some stuff and then like I
was like you know like adding me Annette
and then you can blush stuff ahead I
felt like a pro photographer it but yeah
you can get a lot of cool stuff like
this so it's it's actually pretty fun
checks there's lots of checks on
Instagram and now yeah definitely not
shy these days they're definitely
getting yeah it was definitely not shy
but that's okay it's gets good for us
young guys like me let's all happens
like friends and dirt bikers I don't
follow anybody like special I don't know
no all they're all special my eyes of
course yeah when officially met
instagram i was like kinda shocked at
how fast my followers jumped up but
let's kill us I used that Twitter to
help it so I've quite a lot of followers
on that but yeah I was surprised I've
like ten and a half now dozens so I
don't know I want I want to get up there
though I don't know I'm gonna get up
there somehow though like on Twitter all
I want that blue checkmark that's when
you know like you're half legit if you
have a blue checkmark any one of those
to be favored like I don't know where
the whole hashtag thing came from
obviously came from Twitter bad i don't
know i don't know it's almost like a
hash tax is hard to explain its like
something like you almost see it in your
head but you don't see it if you're mad
like it's like ah I don't know well hash
tags everybody can't like use is though
um I was just make up my own and usually
it's the best Scotch vocabulary as well
so people can I don't understand what it
means but you know like on a scam got
throwback Thursday so y'all just like
post like a cool picture of when you're
back in the day are young handsome man
like myself back in the day I had this
the ski peak dawn on my hair but yeah I
don't know still my first is pretty cool
because like you know you get to see
everybody's pictures from when they were
younger and how they left their to how
they look now it's pretty cool no makeup
well pretty much when you go on
Instagram you get you get a picture you
know you can make an ugly picture time
pretty cool so pretty much the filters
that you use on Instagram that's pretty
much like your makeup because you're
making the picture look there so if you
like go hashtag no makeup that means you
didn't edit the picture at all and you
look and if you still look that good
with no makeup then you're doing pretty
good for yourself I don't have one here
nah I got short hair don't care but
that's my problem half the time like I
don't care and I get myself in trouble
I'm getting text messages take your
textures that you got like I posted a
picture of your cooking and had a nike
shirt on and just sponsor to get mad but
it's not fold but I'm trying to keep it
exciting you know I mean keep it up yoki
I'm keeping it real I did I can
truthfully say I keep it pretty real you
know I don't know what I'm not no good
I'm not so
cookie cutter which gets me choked that
yo
hashtag Yolo you only live once that's
the motto Yolo hashtag leg swag epic
that's so gay like everybody always says
it and it's just kind of gay like even
bull hates it like I step one foot wet
thing or does it all Lex what i kin I
don't know it's just like it's just like
a third FC was doing one foot wets back
in the day and everybody thinks like
moguls kind of bringing it back and
everything all its bogus chick but it's
really it's been around for a while swag
yeah Smart's okay I mean I love the
older generation like all swag so gay
but you know a young pup like myself
it's all about swag so yeah I was here
swag what you're most commonly used
hashtag I'm almost commonly used um
probably swag our hashtag pick up kit is
like the best like you're a complete
legend f you're running pick up cat kids
I wasn't to make your last night and it
was just amazing like is probably the
best thing I've ever had like I've never
seen so many bros flat bells um you know
yeah just it was amazing like it was it
was good so what is a pickup get running
okay pick up cat definition definition
of pick up cat as I'm like someone
walking around with the chairs yawn you
know pick up k eur you're definitely
going to pick up some babes with a
pickup kit absolutely i think i'm going
to go ahead like that one night just for
laughs I can be so funny like black
socks black shoes black dickies you go
over the black dickies Jersey flat belt
we go like that in temecula this is when
you know you're a 95 one right here this
is Dean Wilson you can give me a quick
follow on instagram at Wilson I'm
expecting or on twitter at Dean Wilson
15th and of course you can follow Thor
mucky your sponsor always keeping me
looking good at thora MX official and
then we'll catch you
no take your shoes yes I'd like a fun
would never hurt a bit